so today is November twentieth two
thousand eleven and after you know years
of waiting and anticipating a new Zelda
title one has finally been released it's
finally here the legend of zelda skyward
sword is available and we're all able to
play it on our nintendo wii now i was
going to do an unboxing of this but i
figured you know plenty of you guys will
probably see a lot of unboxings of this
game in your sub box so you know i'm
just going to show you really quick
what's inside if you for some reason
don't already know it comes with a nice
cute little gold wii remote that
includes a wii motionplus which is a
very handy and it also comes with of
course the game but a cool little bonus
is that you get soundtrack from the
zelda 25th anniversary symphony which i
think is amazing I can't wait to listen
to this the reason why I did this video
besides me gushing and being so excited
that the game has finally been released
was to show you guys the legend of zelda
skyward sword collector's edition
strategy guy so here is the collector's
edition strategy guide for Skyward Sword
and the reason I got this is because
I've missed out on previous Zelda
collector edition strategy guys and I
consider myself a fan of the series so
when I saw this I scooped it up and I'm
pretty impressed with it now as you guys
can see this is hard hardcover strategy
guide looks amazing you know you got
your gold trim here and the Triforce the
symbol we all know and love and then on
the spine of course we have the legend
of zelda skyward sword collector's
edition and there's nothing on the back
but i love this blue color some amazing
now i do want to show you guys the
inside i'm just going to show you a few
pictures of the artwork there's not that
much art in it but just so you guys can
get a feel of the quality of this
collector's edition strategy guy i mean
you guys just have to see it now it does
that there are minimal spoilers in this
strategy guide and I'm not quite sure
because I haven't gone through the whole
thing and I probably won't but I just
figured this was something cool to add
to the collection now as you guys can
see this does have gold pages which is
pretty cool makes it look all fancy you
open it up and the first thing you're
greeted with is an amazing picture gets
me so amped up to play the game and then
more art here this is stuff I'm sure all
of you guys have already seen here's
some more wonderful artwork it's
gorgeous the quality of the artwork and
the pages and this strategy guide is
just amazing it's really nice then we
have more maps here and then got a
little picture of Princess Zelda and I
think there's one more blink see if I
can try to find it there we go it's
another one of link awesome great stuff
and then you have the back of the book
gorgeous great strategy guide amazing i
wish i could go a little bit more in
depth but like i said i don't want to
spoil anything for any of you guys out
there that are excited to play the game
I don't want to give away any of the
locations or anything like that but wow
it's awesome if you're a fan of the
Zelda series and if you like strategy
guides like myself this is definitely
one you want to pick up now the
collector's edition of the strategy
guide also comes with this amazing cloth
map which is just awesome really nice
it's the surface world map and it's
gorgeous I mean I'm just so glad you
know any fan of the series would
definitely appreciate something like
this so I'm going to keep this and you
know put it in my collectors edition
strategy guide ah so excited I'm so
ready to get lost in this
game I mean for the most part I've
stayed away from previews and reviews
and videos anything I really had to do
with this game I stayed away with from
it because I just wanted to be surprised
and I'm so excited so I have the game
and I have an awesome soundtrack and I
have a gold wii remote that I can you
know use and say oh yeah with and I can
also have my collectors edition strategy
guide I'm ready guys I'm digging in the
Skyward Sword I hope you are too um gosh
I'm so excited I want to thank all of
you for watching this video I'm going to
get lost in so that can't wait bye guys